Chore: cleanup & 0.58.4 (#88)
react-native-community/react-native-releases: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix an issue where **CameraRoll** wasn't showing the front-facing camera consistently during capture and preview ([4aeea4d](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/commit/4aeea4d))
- Fix case where inline view is visible even though it should have been truncated ([70826db](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/commit/70826db) by [@rigdern](https://github.com/rigdern))

### Known issues

> It is possible you face an AAPT error regarding missing resources, [here](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-andross/issues/244) is an example of such error, in that case you should try to update the build tools versions to `buildToolsVersion = "28.0.2"` in your android/build.gradle file. If you maintain a react-native library which uses native code you should avoid using hardcoded versions of the build tools and use the packaged version numbers, here is an example you can [follow](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-linear-gradient/blob/master/android/build.gradle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible that you'll face an AAPT error regarding missing resources, [here](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-andross/issues/244) is an example of this error, in this case, you should try to update the build tools versions to `buildToolsVersion = "28.0.2"` in your android/build.gradle file. If you maintain a react-native library which uses native code you should avoid using hardcoded versions of the build tools and use the packaged version numbers, here is an example you can [follow](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-linear-gradient/blob/master/android/build.gradle)
```
